my name's Dominic show I'm
vice-chancellor and I run the universe
still in my exam is involved all my
colleagues are academics and that was
the professional services staff and my
main focus is Vice Chancellor is to make
sure that you have the very best
possible experience to your career what
did you mean to the matriculation Soviet
yeah it was really good it was I didn't
know what it really ought to expect but
it was different little really good
thing i really liked dancing in the
lights and the music was great i thought
was a great way of introducing everyone
to democracy University getting everyone
sorted and settled in well absolutely
fantastically I mean I don't know what
the net feels without ceremony we chest
and we're halfway through now students
spontaneously applauding as we walked
out it's just a really nice atmosphere
it's a really exciting time for freshers
anyway but we just wanted to mark this
is a particularly special occasion for
them it just feels like everyone's a
part of such a tight-knit community
everyone's looking out for each other
and everyone's really enjoying
themselves as freshers week been so far
it's been good another lot this isn't
very tightly it's been great being able
to meet some new ppl makes many friends
find other people in my course and just
get feel for the university yeah
somebody likes this I used to por nada
you sign up everything I know that's how
many emails it's been fantastic it's
been really good all above it all of our
events have been so well attended and
again everyone's having fun getting
involved signing up for things and just
been fantastic we're really enjoying it
best one so far a variable one and
remastered Samantha's jun ji nian I hope
you're settling in well and enjoying
your freshers week although I can see
that some of you may have enjoyed it a
bit too much message to students well
say message that I gave for the
initiation ceremony work hard play hard
and be considerate to others get
involved as much as you can possibly
manage enjoy it